I'm going to show you how I got 450 FPS
in actual rank guys on a $500 PC none of
these specs are crazy unrealistic if you
have a mid NPC this is pretty achievable
we're talking about the RX 6500 XT which
is really not the best GPU out there and
on top of that it's even AMD and I still
managed to fully optimize this PC to get
450 FPS in the game 360 locked while
fighting and I'm going to show you
exactly how to achieve this so that you
can repli located on your own PC after
additional tweaks I even managed to go
from an average of like 5 600 FPS while
moving in Creative all the way up to
7800 so through every single step which
you apply guys you're going to improve
your FPS and overall system performance
the easiest way to support the channel
is to use curless stps in the item shop
and subscribe and in the first place
guys we're going to use a tool which is
very important for your GPU it's called
MSI mode utility V free and you can get
it by the way from the link in the video
description this tool can basically help
you to enable the MSI mode for your GPU
and this has nothing to do with the
brand itself guys if you actually open
up the tool you can check for yourself
if under your GPU which for me as
mentioned is rx 6500 XT which is
definitely not the most upto-date one
but any GPU from like the last few years
guys is going to support this and the
MSI mode basically is a faster way for
your GPU and CPU to communicate on your
Windows PC ensuring way lower latency
while gaming trust me guys this is
literally by far the best tweak you can
apply in order to reduce your input
delay in fortnite just simply check if
under your GPU as mentioned it actually
says under supported modes line based
and then MSI after it if it says MSI you
can put the check under MSI mode make
sure to also put the intera priority on
normal and you're already good to go
guys this is everything you got to do
click on apply and let's continue with
the next one now in this next step we're
going to optimize your CPU for the best
performance here in fortnite so what you
got to do is get yourself processed L
guys again link to it is going to be in
the video description just simply follow
all the steps which I'm doing right now
here to install it successfully on your
Windows PC just simply go through the
installation click under agree you know
what I'm saying then make sure that
everything is preset like here click
under next and install and the tool
should be already running then in the
background of your Windows PC now once
we have this here open guys we can see
first of all a bunch of settings first
of all Go Active power profile mode and
make sure to put it to bits some highest
performance one this is super important
guys make sure that this one is selected
Pro balance should also be enabled and
also manage processes of all users just
simply straight up copy it just like I
have it then we're going to go into
options General then you can see refresh
interval GUI and you're going to put it
to 5 Seconds guys we're going to go
again under options again under general
and this time refresh interval Governor
we're also going to put to 5 seconds
then under CPU probol you should see
everything should be exactly like I have
it right on your on screen and make sure
that you copy all of my settings the
same as well for power and performance
mode everything should be exactly like I
have it now for this next upep guys we
actually have to open up our epic games
launcher and actually run fortnite in
the background like the game has to be
open actually so that it appears in the
program program and we can apply all of
the rest of the tweaks so what you got
to do is just simply wait for it to real
quick launch it in the background of
your Windows PC it's going to take a few
seconds and after we end fortnite just
simply put it onto window and put it on
the lowest resolution possible click
under apply and just simply wait for it
to actually apply here and then you
should see that fortnite is launched in
a small window now all we got to do is
press F on our keyboard or just simply
find manually fortnite client windows 64
shipping exit this is the main Exel
fortnite once we got it right click onto
it then we're going to go under CPR
priority always and put it onto High
guys now you can already see that it
says not on priority class actually high
in the tool itself this is exactly what
we need now we're going to go again
under it go under IO priority this time
always and also put this one under High
guys once we're done with that we're
going to right click again onto it then
we can see Power profile and make sure
to actually select the bits some highest
performance one guys so that we actually
enable this power plant specifically for
fortnite to ensure they have the best
performance then again right click onto
it and this time we're going to go under
CPU Affinity always and then we can see
disable smt and this one is only
effective actually on AMD because if you
actually go into a test manager you can
see that my CPU has actually eight cores
and 16 logical processors which means
that I have eight real ones and eight
virtual ones which are not really there
they're kind of just calculation on my
PC and what we have done with this is
basically disable the ones which are not
physically there so that we force our
Windows to use all of the real cores and
trust me this can boost your FPS by so
much on AMD CPUs it's actually crazy
I've used this as well on my low end
laptop top they I averaged around 200
FPS in creative with via 7 Graphics I
made as well a full video about this you
can check it out afterwards if you want
to guys then process ler is going to be
automatically in your system tray and
you're already fully set up now of
course guys if it comes down to the best
competitive fortnite settings or the
best settings for maximum FPS getting a
very good stretch resolution is your
number one way to go but luckily for you
I already made a full on detailed video
with all of the bench marks compared the
top five best stretch resolutions here
in fortnite chapter 5 season 2 you can
check it out right now the video to it
is it's going to be on my Channel or you
can find it as well in the video
description so if you're interested in
that definitely make sure to check it
out and of course guys the most
important part is as well your ping this
is why you see fncs winners like marrow
Asian Chef and many more Pros use J up
booster the best part is with my link in
description you can actually try it out
for absolutely free guys G booster is
going to look for the best DNS server in
your near always making sure that you
have the lowest and most stable ping
even if you already have really good
ping guys it's still worth it because
it's going to make it way more
consistent the jet booster is going to
actively in the background search for
the best DNS servers always making sure
that you have the best connection to
fortnite as mentioned check it out for
absolutely free with the link in the
description guys now for this next step
we're going to go into our Windows
search bar guys and type in there
Advanced system until you can find
system properties and then you can see
Advanced already being opened up that we
have performance where we're going to
click onto the settings option in here
just a quick tip make sure that you copy
everything which I have selected so that
you actually disable all the unell
animations which are just simply costing
you system power and FPS make sure that
it's completely like I have it then
we're going to click under Advance on
the top see that programs is checked and
click under change then we are now in
the virtual memory section we're going
to disable automatically manage paging
file and then we can see custom size
where we can now work around guys with
our virtual Ram just a quick explanation
whenever your physical RAM is actually
filled up already with data from your PC
it's going to transfer over small data
into your virtual one and a lot of
people don't have it set up correctly
which actually is decreasing the system
performance performance or while causing
maybe even potential stutter and it just
slows down your PC that's why we're
going to do it right now and the easiest
way to do it is to basically open up
your task manager go under memory and
then you can see the total amount of ram
which you have on your PC which for me
right now on this build is 16 gigs then
what you got to do is open up the
calculator guys because now we need to
actually multiply 16 1,24 which is the
exact number of 1 gig in embit with our
total Ram so for me it's time 16 and now
under initial size in embit you have to
put in exactly that number which for me
is
16,384 now for the maximum size guys you
just simply have to multiply it times 2
so that you have double the amount of
your RAM then just simply click under
set and okay and you're already good to
go and it tells you that you should
probably restart your PC for all of the
changes to take effect and that's
already it guys you set it up properly
and everything is good to go now the
most important part guys is actually to
get down the amount of processes on your
task manager if it looks something like
this this is wrong guys this is how task
manager should look like you can see we
have barely under 70 processors most of
the time even under 60 if I disable my
recording software of my goxlr you know
my microphone and all of that stuff and
the easiest and fastest way to actually
achieve this guys is with a free custom
OS we're talking about Atlas OS and I
already made a full on video with a
detailed installation step-by-step guide
how to get it on your PC it's basically
just reinstalling Windows 10 or Windows
11 and then running two files and then
you already have a fullon deep loaded
custom windows where everything is
disabled which could somehow cost you
actually performance on your PC so I
would highly recommend you to check out
that video right now and then apply all
of the previous steps on your PC again
but if you don't want to you already
changed a lot which is already going to
give you way better performance anyway